File:    README
Author:  HouPha Vang
Program: Assignment 5
Date:    10/9/2016

BUILDING THE PROGRAM
   This program was written in C++ and distributed to be built on a 
   Linux system.  To build the program, type 'make' to create the 
   executable called 'prog'

RUNNING THE PROGRAM
   Type 'prog' at the command prompt after building the program.

PROGRAM DESCRIPTION
   This program will read ints from the keyboard, output them, calculate their average to two decimal places,
   output the largest int, output the smallest int, output the number of ints less than or equal to the average,
   output the number of ints greater than the average, output an array of all the even numbers in the array,
   and finally output an array of all the odd numbers in the array.

PROGRAM INPUT
   All input comes from the keyboard.  The program will read until the
   sentinel value 0 is entered. Input can be entered all on one line,
   or separate lines, or a combination of the two.
   For example:
      5
      4 6
      3 0
   
PROGRAM OUTPUT
   All output is written to the screen.  The output will be the original
   array as entered from the keyboard, the average of the input values to 
   two decimal places, the biggest value in the array, the smallest value
   in the array, the number of ints in the array less than or equal to the
   average, the number of ints in the array greater than the average,
   an array of all the even values in the array, and an array of all the 
   odd values in the array
   
   For example:
      The array is: 
	  5 4 6 3 
	  The average for the list of ints is: 4.50
	  The biggest value in the array is: 6
	  The smallest value in the array is: 3
	  The number of ints in the array less than or equal to the average is: 2
	  The number of ints in the array greater than the average is:  2
	  The array of all the inputted even ints is: 
	  4 6 
	  The array of all the inputted odd ints is: 
	  5 3 


PROGRAM DESIGN
   This program stores all the ints in an array.

   The general algorithm
      read the ints into an array
      output the array
	  output the average of the array
	  output the biggest value of the array
	  output the smallest value of the array
	  output the number of values less than or equal to the average
	  output the number of values greater than the average
	  output an array of all the even numbers in the array
	  output an array of all the odd numbers in the array

   Function input and output, preconditions and postconditions can
   be found in the documentation for each file.

FILE INDEX
   file             function(s)        			description
   --------------   -----------------  			----------------------
   constants.h                         			constant declarations
	
   main.cpp         main               			calls all other functions
   
   average.cpp	    calculateAverage  			returns the average of an array
   
   biggest.cpp		biggestValue	   			returns the biggest value in an array
   
   count.cpp		countLessEqualAndGreater	obtains the count of numbers less than or equal to 
												the average, as well as the count of numbers greater
												than the average
												
   getOddEven.cpp   getOddEvenArrays			a function to populate two arrays from a given array. One array will
												contain all the even numbers from the original array, and the other
												will contain all the odd numbers from the original array.

   output.cpp       outputArray         		outputs results to the screen
   
   read.cpp         input               		read from the keyboard into the array

   smallest.cpp     smallestValue                       returns the smallest value in an array

   makefile                           			builds executable

   README                             			this file


PROGRAM TESTING
   This program was tested with different sets of data.  

   Checked for a normal set of data partially filling the array
   
   Checked for the number of values exceeding the array size
   
   Checked for input of 1 value and the sentinel

   Checked for input of just the sentinel

   There are no known bugs.  Any errors should be reported to:
  houphavang@gmail.com

